# MASTERCHEF-JUNIOR
My Recipe

This is the recipe of Profiteroles.

Ingredients:- 1/2 cup water, 1/4 cup unsalted butter, 1/2 tsp granulated sugar, 1/4 tsp salt, 1/2 cup flour, 2 eggs, 2 dark chocolates, 3 tbsp heavy cream, vanilla ice cream, for filling

Preheat the oven to 425°F. Line a baking sheet with a sheet of a silicone mat. In a small saucepan over medium heat, warm the water, unsalted butter, granulated sugar, and salt. Warm until the butter has melted. Remove the saucepan from the heat and stir in the flour. Once the flour has been mixed in, move the saucepan back over the heat and reduce the heat to low. Stir the dough until it's smooth, shiny, and doesn't stick to the bottom or sides of the saucepan (about 1-2 minutes). It's very important to make sure the dough is not sticking at all, as this ensures that you've removed much of the moisture in the dough. Turn off the heat and move the saucepan onto your counter. Add in your eggs, one at a time, mixing them into the dough well before adding the other egg. It may seem a bit difficult to mix the egg into the dough but after several seconds of beating, they'll get mixed in. Once the eggs are incorporated, you can let the dough rest in the saucepan to firm up a bit for about 10 minutes if it seems too runny (see note). Fill a pastry big with a 1 inch opening with the pastry dough. Pipe round 1 1/2" mounds onto the baking sheet, leaving at least an inch of space between each other. Bake the pastry for 10 minutes at 425°F, then WITHOUT opening the oven door, reduce the oven temperature to 375°F. Continue to bake the pastry for another 25 to 30 minutes, until the pastry puffs are golden. Transfer the pastry puffs to a cooling rack to cool completely. Once cool, take a serrated knife and make horizontal cuts through each puff to split each puff into two halves (top and bottom). Warm the heavy cream in a small bowl in the microwave for approximately 10 to 15 seconds, until steaming. Add in the chocolate and stir until it's melted and smooth. Place a couple of mini scoops of ice cream over each pastry puff's bottom half, then cover with the top half. Pour melted dark chocolate over profiteroles.

Note:- If you live in a humid environment, it can help to let the batter rest for about 10 minutes to help it firm up before piping it out into mounds on your baking sheet.
